Thus far in this course we built a lot of awesome applications and we used a lot of I want to use features
but there's one important point we haven't looked at all and that is using native device features.
Have in this chorus module we're going to build the app which uses those features extensively.
We'll learn how to use those native features like for example the camera or fetching user or location
and also how to access the device storage both the file system the file storage system and also the
storage for storing data like in a database.
You will learn how that works with I want to to what happens behind the scenes and therefore you will
gain the skills you need to add such features to your application because sometimes the non device native
features just don't do the trick.
Sometimes you need that camera